Docs Stream status, storage, ENS + misc updates (#1180)
streamr-dev/streamr-platform: app/src/docs/content/products/createDataProduct.mdx

- Copy the ID to use in your code to pipe data into Streamr
- Test whether data is flowing correctly by using the Preview section
- Field names, type and order should be auto-configured by Streamr

> - If not, manually name fields, select type and drag-to-order them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If they aren't, you can manually name the fields, select a type, and drag to reorder them
```
